add server mode option (#49)
operator-framework/audit: README.md

### Ensure that you have access to pull the images

> You need first use docker login to have access to the images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must run `docker login` to have access to the images.
```

audit-tool index [bundles|packages|channels] --index-image=registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.5 --filter="mypackagename"
```

### Option to run in dedicated environments

Use the flag `--server-mode` to generate the reports in dedicated environments. By using this flag option the images

> which are downloaded will not be removed which will allow the reports to be generate faster after the first execution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which are downloaded will not be removed, allowing the reports to be generated faster after the first execution. 
```

> Also, ensure that you have enough space to store all images. Note that the default behavior is to remove them, when this option is not used.  

Reviewer: Might want to give a size guess so admins know how much space to allocate.

Author: Then that is up to the images that will be used.
